The Pacman Machine
I bet you know about the classic Mario game and probably have played it. You are on a quest, moving from levels to levels in search of a princess that has been kidnapped. You crush all the spooky dogs and flying turtles with the superpowers such as transforming into giant, shooting out bullets.
But hey! On top of the energy of a naive Mario, you seamlessly have played the never-ending game of Pacman — yes the world where these elusive ghosts chase you (the ultimate player) for the reason that seems mysterious.
Lust
It’s funny how you move around the strange two-dimensional world, just for the sake of eating, eating and eating. Yes, the only reason you move is with this mysterious force to devour everything in the path. You can never get enough of it. In your life, there is always something more you want. That need never gets quenched. The game is a reflection of lust.
Eternal Dissatisfaction
Your lust never dies. You move from level to level. Your existence has no meaning. Your life is an endless rush into oblivion. You don’t realize what you have been missing the whole time. You don’t even dare to stop. Because if you do, the ghosts in your mind devour you completely. There’s always this dissatisfaction in your life that interrupts the harmony between your soul and the world outside.
Desire
Desire is something that bounds life itself to the existence. Your desire for more; more never ends. Money, love, life, and all the chaos. That’s all you think of. You can’t put aside your desires and be yourself. You can’t really focus on your own “I, Me and Myself” against the world that wants more and more.
Levels upon levels upon levels, your existence thrive upon these uncanny behaviors.
Achievement
While life is chasing you and you are chasing the unknowns, there comes a point in life where you feel achieved. You feel you can conquer the world. You can triumph over the ghosts in your mind. That satisfaction of achievement ultimately boosts your inner pride; hence your inner peace is restored. It’s this factor that really factors out all the negativity in your life.
But, again life happens. The achievement; you can’t really get enough of it. Hence, the ultimate cycle continues:
Lust, dissatisfaction, desire and achievement makes you who you should be. i live in the land of nowhere. 
I am doing fine in my life which is very chaos. I am trying to find myself among chaos and peace.


Life and Paradox
I am paradox and there exists a theoretical limit to human mind that any imagination is not unbound yet there is something that meets the eye.
The eye itself is an absolute organ to wisdom. Wisdom is something that is derived from mutation of knowledge with experience. Yet, there exists a paradox on how much wise a man is even if there is no bound to the lies s/he tells.
You suffer; you struggle.
Struggle is the path to the wisdom and yet there lies a paradox on how much one can tolerate. Tolerance is eternal; knowledge is bounded. Endurance is a paradox. Paradox in a sense that you never know how much a mind can endure until you have exposed everything to the mind.
You can laugh; you can cry.
It’s ok to cry. Cry you heart out. Crying is a spiritual path to let your sufferings out to the ever paradoxical world. You can laugh your ass off but you can never put your heart into the laughing unless you know what the context is.
Every animal struggles, endures, cries and laughs.
One can suffer spiritually as well as physically. If spiritually one feels the sufferings, there’ll be no peace of mind. Yet there lies a paradox in life.
Paradox in life is paradoxical.
“Paradox” itself is a paradox. You cannot define the absolute lifespan of a paradox because you never get to live physically throughout your life.
Indeed, life mocks everyone. It’s like that little piece of paper that slits your throat and you’ll never know how you died because you were blind the whole time. You may not feel the pain. But the suffering is real. Now, knowledge is that paper and you are the wisdom.
Knowlege pours life into nullness, yet it is can kill one’s spirit. Knowlege has never been an absolute wisdom. Absoluteness of a wisdom can never really exists. Existence in a sense one can never feel the real happiness until s/he has transcended to some meta reality.
Reality mocks everyone. It has been from the ancient times. Time is a fuzzy feeling. Fuzziness persists. Yet, you always tell “how much” time has gone by. Because you feel time. You never really kiss it.
Those sarcastic tone that every time gives. Time creeps yet it slips away. You never really know what it can give you.
Time is pretty paradoxical. Paradoxical in a sense that you always procrastinate. Procrastination is real, so is your mind. Theoretically, time can fall and you can too. You can never really know the feeling.
Now, there lies a paradox about mind itself. Mind is nothing but your brain and your brain is only the combinations of indidvidual cells.
Now the greatest paradox of mind is the consciousness. You feel, suffer, look, taste, struggle, endure. It’s all in your mind and you still have a feeling of unity of your mind and body.
So, who gets the wisdom? Consciousness is just a combination of chemicals and the signals that overpower your brain. There really exists a dilemma on who/what controls you and perhaps who are you in a true sense.
In the end, you are just living a life full of paradoxes and whole reality you perceive has been established on the basis of assumptions.
Life is just an assumption and you should be the one who can hypothesize, transcend, believe, execute, halt and moreover live with personal satisfaction.
