I bet you know about the classic Mario game and probably have played it. You are on a quest, moving from levels to levels in search of a princess that has been kidnapped. You crush all the spooky dogs and flying turtles with the superpowers such as transforming into giant, shooting out bullets.
But hey! On top of the energy of a naive Mario, you seamlessly have played the never-ending game of Pacman — yes the world where these elusive ghosts chase you (the ultimate player) for the reason that seems mysterious.
Lust
It’s funny how you move around the strange two-dimensional world, just for the sake of eating, eating and eating. Yes, the only reason you move is with this mysterious force to devour everything in the path. You can never get enough of it. In your life, there is always something more you want. That need never gets quenched. The game is a reflection of lust.
Eternal Dissatisfaction
Your lust never dies. You move from level to level. Your existence has no meaning. Your life is an endless rush into oblivion. You don’t realize what you have been missing the whole time. You don’t even dare to stop. Because if you do, the ghosts in your mind devour you completely. There’s always this dissatisfaction in your life that interrupts the harmony between your soul and the world outside.
Desire
Desire is something that bounds life itself to the existence. Your desire for more; more never ends. Money, love, life, and all the chaos. That’s all you think of. You can’t put aside your desires and be yourself. You can’t really focus on your own “I, Me and Myself” against the world that wants more and more.
Levels upon levels upon levels, your existence thrive upon these uncanny behaviors.
Achievement
While life is chasing you and you are chasing the unknowns, there comes a point in life where you feel achieved. You feel you can conquer the world. You can triumph over the ghosts in your mind. That satisfaction of achievement ultimately boosts your inner pride; hence your inner peace is restored. It’s this factor that really factors out all the negativity in your life.
But, again life happens. The achievement; you can’t really get enough of it. Hence, the ultimate cycle continues:
Lust, dissatisfaction, desire and achievement makes you who you should be. i live in the land of nowhere. 
I am doing fine in my life which is very chaos. I am trying to find myself among chaos and peace.


I am paradox and there exists a theoretical limit to human mind that any imagination is not unbound yet there is something that meets the eye.
The eye itself is an absolute organ to wisdom. Wisdom is something that is derived from mutation of knowledge with experience. Yet, there exists a paradox on how much wise a man is even if there is no bound to the lies s/he tells.
You suffer; you struggle.
Struggle is the path to the wisdom and yet there lies a paradox on how much one can tolerate. Tolerance is eternal; knowledge is bounded. Endurance is a paradox. Paradox in a sense that you never know how much a mind can endure until you have exposed everything to the mind.
You can laugh; you can cry.
It’s ok to cry. Cry you heart out. Crying is a spiritual path to let your sufferings out to the ever paradoxical world. You can laugh your ass off but you can never put your heart into the laughing unless you know what the context is.
Every animal struggles, endures, cries and laughs.
One can suffer spiritually as well as physically. If spiritually one feels the sufferings, there’ll be no peace of mind. Yet there lies a paradox in life.
Paradox in life is paradoxical.
“Paradox” itself is a paradox. You cannot define the absolute lifespan of a paradox because you never get to live physically throughout your life.
Indeed, life mocks everyone. It’s like that little piece of paper that slits your throat and you’ll never know how you died because you were blind the whole time. You may not feel the pain. But the suffering is real. Now, knowledge is that paper and you are the wisdom.
Knowlege pours life into nullness, yet it is can kill one’s spirit. Knowlege has never been an absolute wisdom. Absoluteness of a wisdom can never really exists. Existence in a sense one can never feel the real happiness until s/he has transcended to some meta reality.
Reality mocks everyone. It has been from the ancient times. Time is a fuzzy feeling. Fuzziness persists. Yet, you always tell “how much” time has gone by. Because you feel time. You never really kiss it.
Those sarcastic tone that every time gives. Time creeps yet it slips away. You never really know what it can give you.
Time is pretty paradoxical. Paradoxical in a sense that you always procrastinate. Procrastination is real, so is your mind. Theoretically, time can fall and you can too. You can never really know the feeling.
Now, there lies a paradox about mind itself. Mind is nothing but your brain and your brain is only the combinations of indidvidual cells.
Now the greatest paradox of mind is the consciousness. You feel, suffer, look, taste, struggle, endure. It’s all in your mind and you still have a feeling of unity of your mind and body.
So, who gets the wisdom? Consciousness is just a combination of chemicals and the signals that overpower your brain. There really exists a dilemma on who/what controls you and perhaps who are you in a true sense.
In the end, you are just living a life full of paradoxes and whole reality you perceive has been established on the basis of assumptions.
Life is just an assumption and you should be the one who can hypothesize, transcend, believe, execute, halt and moreover live with personal satisfaction.


Tonight! I am not sad.
Nor I am mad.
I am expressionless.
There’s nothing I have to express.
There’s no desire at expense.
Tonight! I am a commoner.
A Son — whose heart beats for his mother.
A Child — dreams all stout
A Brother — sister’s hopes echo aloud
A Neighbour — lively yet mysterious
A Citizen — responsible, inglorious
A no one — lurking in the shadow
Tonight! I am a friend
A faceless in the circle
Independent — lost in thoughts
Of love, life and arts
Some reasons to live
None clinging to another’s dream
Tonight! I am a pedestrian
Wandering around, feeling the rain
A Walker — indifferent yet significant
A Watcher —looking beyond the blurred lens
A Thinker — lost in dreams
Of silence and screams.
A Painter — filling the imagination
With life and thoughts
Still, I am no one rushing around.
Tonight — It is special.
I am on a date — with Peace and Chaos
No emotions — I am expressionless
Tonight! I am in search of myself.
A someone — a face under the mask
A traveller through time
A wanderer through life.
A stargazer — in awe of vastness
Of life and emptiness.
In the vastness of people
I seek redemption
Like an apparition.
Emotions. Thoughts. All lost.
They think I am mental
I probably am a retard
Like a circus clown faking a laugh.
I probably am a freak
Like a specimen in a bio lab.
Perhaps I am a stranger
Walking on an unknown path.
Tap. Tap. Tap. As the time walks.
I crawl. Hush!
I crawl. They sprawl.
In the mist.
Emotions. Thoughts. All lost.
I seek inner peace.

The blood rush has stalled.
May be the world is blind
Where I am just one of a kind
In an endless streaks
Of hopes and hopelessness
I am enduring time
Like a soldier on a field of mines
Looking for freedom.
Boom! The mind explodes.
Emotions. Thoughts. All lost
The battle of a man. A boy. A child.
Solitude. Isolation. Silence.
The shadow lurks — “who goes there?”
Oh yes. That’s just me.
Seeking inner peace.
In solitude, I find myself.
In isolation, my mind thrives.
This is a battle of a man to be born from a child.
Boom! There goes another mine.
Emotions. Thoughts. All lost.

Knock Knock!
“I am time.” — comes an unknown sound.
“I know no time.”, I reply.
The only time I know is the time that took my life.
For the time took my Emotions. Thoughts. My silent cry.
The time kept on knocking.
I kept on ignoring.
As they say ignorance is a bliss.
But the only bliss is a solitude.
It is a fortitude.
It is worth suffering for.
For I seek inner peace.
I seek salvation.
Not a cremation.
For I am the isolation you won’t seek.
I am the solitude you won’t find.
I am the silence you won’t hear.

It’s funny how most of the humans loathe cockroaches. Well, it’s in human nature to develop some kinds of fear against creepiness and Entomophobia persists really hard in the mind.
Despite the fact, cockroaches have always intrigued me. Not because I like to kill ’em all; but how we humans are pretty similar to cockroaches in terms of behaviours and opportunities we ought to seek.
Humans, the opportunity-seeking being, lash out during high time. A small opportunity tend to spawn dozens of humans from nowhere. We crawl out from the hell’s kitchen of our own mind to snatch something that might be ours if we really tried hard. Yet, before these dark times, we incubate our mind for lesser known reasons. Procrastination and precrastination sway our mind lest we be helding our seemingly-unartistic thoughts.
There’s fear of beings with higher skills and intelligent. So, we try to slither quickly to rule over the things we want/wanted; like cockroaches trying to snatch the food before the humans pulverize them.
We try to come clean
It’s funny how we humans think cockroaches as the creature of dirt and roughness. We despise them, yet we are hidden from the fact that cockroaches are pretty clean insects. As enotmologist say, cockroaches constantly clean (groom) themselves. They run their legs and antennae over their bodies, then clean those appendages with their mouthparts. Ever see a cat groom? Cockroaches make cats look like slobs. It might be they despise us in fact.
So, we try to come clean as well. We act as if we are the only thing that can do something for own greater good. We try to act cool, fake a smile, fake our social activities and above all fake the social-online status just to be treated like a mighty little creature.
And that’s the reason we try to show ourselves clean. Clean in a sense of own twisted reputations that illusions the real “self”.
We are creepy
Cockroaches give you creeps. But we humans are no different. We slither over the land of hidden likeness, infatuation, love and lust. These are similar words with different sentiments. In our life we struggle hard to find someone we can have connection mentally. But that’s a long journey — a very long and timeless road. Before finding someone we feel connected to, the other phases try to creep into the mind; seep through our lustful nature.
I don’t know what cockroaches are thinking
But I do know humans are more savage, and lesser being than cockroaches.
The nuisance to the nature.
The resentment among each other.
The creatures that try to live in a reality powered by chaos illusions….

All I can do is watch and sit
Dunno where I’m going, what it’ll be
As if the wickedness inside
Has the audacity to defy it
Where souls wait to be bleached.
And all I can do is,
Just watch and sit.
Here I am, sitting and watching
As I peek into the time ticking.
All that is gone has never been
All that has gone is never seen
And the plot is on with this hum
And I know I will be gone…..
As the time is eating me
With veins full of misery
Life is crawling with mystery.
As I am just sitting and thinking
With hopes contemplating
I am seeing a streak.
A ray flashing at me
Behind these closed doors
Where I am locked up.
Here I am, with my blurred vision
A narrow path is emerging
Like an incision
Making it’s way through.
And clearer is the clue
I see it. A miracle. A ray.
I am begging it to stay
For the darkness seemed eternity
Where my time had lost its sanity
But now. I see it. A hope. A ray.
The ray is crawling on my mind
For it’s the only one of its kind
I remember now. The ray.
It’s the ray that sparks a fire
With hope emerging on a thin wire
Yes! Now I remember!
The narrow streak that never ends.
Yes! Now I remember. The ray.
It used to be my friend.
A hope in my mind
We used to blend
For I gave it a name. Niva
Niva. Oh Niva
Finally, you are here
Niva. Oh Niva
Here you are, returning from the stars
Inside a locked doors
Trying to make meaning of these void scars.


life is just like this very stage where we keep on moving back/forth. And most of the time, we feel much comfortable around the middle part. Or just staying at one point.
Learning is a continuous process. It happens throughout our life. Right from the birth till our inevitable fate, death.


Why’s it always in the core?
For the freedom of a bore
That tore the system apart
Making everyone the slaves.
It had to be with the sodomized rules
That governed the entire pulse
Unwillingly seeding into the breath
Why is it just in the core?
Why? everyone wonders
The vicinity of the enslaved
Why, why in the core?
They f**ked with ur mind
They hung your neck
They took your breath
Now, they are resurrecting your death
WHY?
They made the system, Framed the majority
Now they are puppeting…
They are who they are
In this age of dark terror
Why’s it always in the core?
They led the truth of lies into the dead
The resurrection has been fed
So, now what?
The silence of the answer remains..
Why???
They f**ked with the your mind
They hanged your neck
They took your breath
Now, they are resurrecting your death
Why??
Now, just go on and live the death of life
Be ressurrected and be cursed
So, make every moments of your life count and always keep on learning from what time throws at you.


Life is an abstraction
As I have been saying life is too much of a **complex** entity. Life is **abstract**.
In programming, the word abstraction implies:
hiding the complex operations by the use of simpler interfaces that anyone can access without having to know about the underlying complexity.
Abstract in a sense, you do not expose every bits of you to the outer world. The world only knows what you intend to present yourself:
an introvert, jerk, nerd, humourous, serious shit, knows-it-all or a knows-nothing, musician, worrier or warrier, serializer or parallelizer, dreamer or drummer, crier or carer.
Be it anything what you show. You are what you are truely inside.
An introvert might be known for shyness. But does the world really know the level of mischief s/he’s been doing to the close ones?
A musician might be **popular-kid-in-town**. But, does the world really know the level of plagiarism s/he’s been involved in ?
A dreamer: Does the world really know what illusions s/he has been creating or perhaps living in?
The face that you show to the outer world doesn’t quite represent the exact stuffs that happen inside your mind truely.
You are really what you hide inside that mask.
And the mask is really the remnant of what you are trying to cover up.
This is the exact case that has been happening to the juniors/seniors studying engineering. ( I am referencing engineering, especially “Programming shit”, because unfortunately I am a pending engineer headed into extincion, perhaps).
From the very beginning (start of the first year) to the end of the final year, we are always mounting that very mask that has been creating the illusion of “all is well! all is well”. People tend to be more ignorant than they actually think they are. Especially on the habits, behaviours and such.
Ok! Here’s the catch.
In the beginning, you know nothing.
This has a positive effect on the mindset for learning surreal stuffs. New energy, new enthusiasm and never-ending target of new things. You get involved into friends; the friends don’t give a shit. You get invovled into social vicinity; you become fuzzy yet strong. The fuzzier you are, the more you are creating the mask.
As days pass by, you evolve with greater good; be it the technical, philosophical, psychological, biological or any evil mindset. Eventually, you live in a bounded sphere where you are revolving with daily procrastination. And that instant gratification monkey changes the trajectory of your learning curve. Finally, you don’t even bother for such “learning” stuff and go on becoming chill. This is the very truth for all the young minds on which the world itself is being mounted for better future.
Hence, the real mask gets stuck on your face real hard this time. You forget what you had intended to do, what you wanted to achieve and what you wanted to influence. And you expose something that doesn’t really show who you really are. The abstraction is real, so is that mask.
So! What’s the catch actually?
Never let yourself go fuzzy
Find your true passion and interest and channel your optimal (yet leisure) time to solely build upon that passion. That’s the only way you can improve over certain things. It doesn’t have to be “one giant leap for mankind”. Even a 5-minutes “Today I learned” can make a difference, especially when you are into programming and such.
Time allocation is hard I know
We all have that phase in life where we have nothing to do; yet we don’t have free time. And that’s the actual catch here.
Procrastination is a real sucker and beating it in its own game is paranoid.
So, how can we really improve so that we can unmask ourself bit by bit?
Start small. Bigger events unfold through small tidbits. For example, looking up a subreddit once in a while (doesnt have to be too long) or reading some answers in quora might be a good kickstarter.
And if you feel lazy in doing that, relax.

We are all no-brainers. You have someone in your chat list who can really inspire you to learn stuffs. (Dog knows what, s/he really cares about you, perhaps.) Asking about the things you find difficult to grasp can really clear your confusion on the topics.
You expose your true self by asking questions.
If that’s a drag, just don’t fret about it.
Take a nap.
Reboot your mind for a fresh start for the formal actions mentioned.
And, don’t forget to attain seminars and meetups for self-improvement. Interaction with people might boost your confidence at some level. Yes, I know being an introvert is a let down. But, hey! At least we can give it a try.
Still we learn nothing

Source: https://medium.com/zerone-magazine/the-anatomy-of-a-semester-5896c9bc48d#.5lsfskize
Yes, the chart about a semester. It is so meta. This is the very reason procrastination is a game changer in each semester you(will/have) attain(ed). Not because it helps but it deforms the very force that’s gluing your mind and the ability to learn.
The real culprit
By now, you might have been totally infiltrated by the total chaosness of this article itself. And trust me, you’ve even scrolled some of other sites parallely like looking for notifications in your facebook / twitter. That’s natural. Embrace it. This is the real culprit.
Lower Attention Span and Multi-tasking
Our ability to multitask is a marvelous feature in evolution itself. And we take it for granted. Why shouldn’t we afterall. We (just) love multitasking. Damn, multitasking itself is so full of being in transcendental state.
Here’s one “good” article on the perils of multitasking.
But then. Everything comes with consequences
…and you should be able to embrace them gracefully. You whine about not completing a specific task and keep on doing some random actions that you find them joyous momentarily.
Afterall, you belong to two kinds of people:
Serializer vs Parallelizer
“Serializers”, as I categorize, are those people who tend to complete one task at a time. Such people tend to be more cautious about the deadlines and dedication. In fact, one of the better techniques for being a serializer is:
Focus. Focus. Focus. And break.
Yes, this is a Pomodoro Technique.
Know it. Implement it. Serialize it.
In the end, it is fruitful and you tend to learn deeply by learning one task at a time.
“Parallelizers”, as I categorize, are just opposite to serializers. Multitaskers, people with lower attention span, or anything you can call.
It’s like distributing your bodily energy on various tasks. Hence, lesser workdone and such.
But
It’s all about your interests and passion. Just channel your interests on a relatively “right” track.
Learn to embrace rejection. Learn to learn. and never let the flame of being a noob die.
Afterall,
we are to become what we intend to with deep passion.


People circling me
A void in the middle
People serenading
I am startled
People flying “in”
A hope uncovered
People masquerading
I am lost
People looking for me
A hope displaced
People crying
I am embraced
People spacing out
A make believe
People empathizing
For I am the pit


Here they are
Creeping upon the vengeance
With a cold desire
What about a consequence?
Once again there they are
Seeking my death
Searching, provoking
That's all they are
In the sight,Not too far
They searched through hell
At least that is all
I can tell...My friend!!!
That is all I can tell
They slaughtered, they murdered
They searched, they sought
Thye spoke of no reason
And i ended in no-heaven
And that was the end, I thought
For once again they searched
This time, they had a reason
A reason bestowed upon me,
For I was the only one left behind
Kept in the smoke, darker than black
Not Like a needle in the haystack
For I could do nothing
For I could do nothing
This time, i ran
Nowhere indefinitely;Not dead, not alive
Deep beneath upon the hell
My existence could divide
They searched, they sought
With a slaughter vision
Wanting for a massacre
If and only if 
Everybody was around
For I was the only one left behind
For I could be something
For I could be nothing
Finally, they hunted me down
For I was the only one up
They slaughtered, they murdered
For I was the only THOUGHT...
The one to be left behind...
For I was the only THOUGHT...


Knowledge and Wisdom, as I see.
“Knowledge is power”, as they say.
As the human civilization soar high through the unknown passage of time, knowledge has been the essence in every life. Knowledge is the information and we human thrive for information; not to smooth-out our whole life, but to find pleasure and happiness.
Human beings rise on the giant shoulder of the knowledge that has been passed down from generations, so that the future won’t live like dead. The very books, scrolls, papers, that has powered the information pool of today is the key that our source of knowledge is enriched and well lived.
Gathering knowledge is good enough to make one’s life. However being “wise” is more than simply having knowledge. It is one thing to memorize the books and facts. However it is the wise thing to use those knowledge to drive the forces for betterment. Boxing up concept is good enough , but ability to think outside the box is greater.
(as In the passage by Bertrand Russell) The very example of nuclear outbreak is enough to make us realize the boundaries where knowledge and wisdom get separated as two entities. The creation of nuclear energy is from knowledge. However had mankind been wise enough, the atomic bombing would not be alive in the history books we read today.
The very core of every civilization may be the knowledge that powers it. However, it is the wisest words earned through experience of life and death that could have made humans a boon to nature.
You may know how to propose a girl (that’s knowledge). However it is the wisdom to find “true love and happiness”. He who refines the knowledge can seek the wisdom that was not sought. A person that has learnt the way of life and time may have wisdom because he/she has stood up from the mistakes that had been committed in the life.
“Knowledge is power, wisdom is light”, as I say.
We humans have developed and advanced so much through the knowledge that has been passed down from generation to generation, we are more informative and knowledgeable today than the people were in the past. The sole reason is “tons” of information that we have today. Be it from Sir Isaac Newton, Leonardo Da Vinci, Aristotle to Sigmund Freud to that professor who teaches in your class.
I don’t mean to wipe out their legacy, here
Well, they are all knowledgeable, informative and can make you understand the concept of so-called world. You may have better information from the information-pool of tons of books and the internet of lies, there are few in million who are wise enough.
People in the past were much WISER than that of today. And it is not the matter of simplicity that defines the wisdom, it is much complex that ought to be. Life, death, self-awareness, experience, feelings, sense of priority, comprehensiveness, are all that summed up to refine a centered-knowledge into the wiser information for wisdom. We may have progressed in science, technology, health,etc through the infinite knowledge-pool we have today but we do not know much about how to teach wisdom. In the course of time, the wiser words had been abandoned in favour of personal or community improvements. Those awesome people of the past who learnt the hard way through struggle , experiences were wise enough to give you “revival” potion for your life, for humanity and mankind.
Just as a growing child senses the world through a mere physical form, gradually gains the hold of the world outside, it is the wisdom that teaches that child to act in the puppeted-world to have a self-esteem and to love others; world-centered knowledge he/she gains and gradually gains wisdom.
that is wisdom, an evolved knowledge; gained selfishly or selflessly

Walking — calmly and slowly
Letting go of all the hustle
Aimlessly kissing
The time and the street beneath
Where lies pain and misery
Of life among the history
A step I take
“Tak Tak” — the sound of the city
I see people lurking
With greed and lust
Where hopes are crushed
Behind the mask of trust
As the gentle breeze passes by
All I can hear is “money”
Where life rumbles in agony
Not of suffering
But the voices — all suppressed
And “People” inside a soul-less thing
With all the corruption
Within the lifeless emotions
Some lives living
Some starting to live
Some struggling and stumbling
As I wander, often
Something follows me behind
Not a shadow but a timeless being
Among the silent noises
That fill the streets
With hopes and despair
With trust and care
With living and the dead
With “rights” and rituals
With face and curious minds
Walking, running, crawling
As I feel the screams
Of survival dreams
On these streets
Where people laugh
And hatred thrives
Where poor nap
A child without mother’s lap
Where children play
And diseased lay
Where money talks
With the curse
Of a soul
Living in fear
As I wake up 
On the streets
Where darkness
Upholds the light
Life speaks
Time lies
Patience falls
Endurance poisons
The streets beneath
Haunted by me


Responsibility
There are certain things in life which we should be able to embrace without hesitation. Life, as a child grows into a man and a man into a child, teaches us to be actionable, reasonable and handle the consequences no matter how harsh they are. Life bounds us into the never-ending cycle of “cause-action-result”. We are chained by the oaths of responsibility— some by society and rest by the family which we must be able to handle without any conditions. Perhaps, that’s what an unconditional life is.
I remember one of many events from my childhood where I had certain responsibilities the mis-result of which I was liable. One day during school, the class teacher asked if anyone could bring (buy) a broom to make the room clean— the price of which was given by the teacher himself. Since my parents had a shop, I raised my hand and he handed me a Rs 50 note without any commotion. I don’t know if that was “responsibility” but surely I was to blame if I lost that very money. Turned out, at the end of the day, I did lose the note. A sense of dishonesty might have been spawned if teacher had punished me but he knew the “kind of guy” I was — Innocent, honest and above all a child trying to learn the way of “right” and “wrong”. I don’t know if that was my very first taste of being responsible for the things I intended to do. But surely, now I know what I should and shouldn’t be doing from my own place.
Today as I write this, everything seems so dull. Tears rolling out from my mother’s face after ages and for the first time in my life I have really seen the true sadness within my sister’s soul. If there is something I should be able to handle things, it should be my family. Surely, I am responsible for the things I do and the bound that the society imposes me to do. But my responsibility has embarked a journey in itself from that lost Rs 50 to the present condition we are going through and there shall come a point in my life where I should be able to be responsible for my own child in the future.
If being responsible is to be a barrier between my family and the external world, yes I am responsible. If being responsible is to put a smile on the face of my family, yes I am responsible. If being responsible is to correct my parents for the wrongful actions they did, I am responsible. If being responsible is to not able to teach mathematics and physics to my sister, I am responsible.
Responsibility sees no age. Responsibility knows no time. Responsibility is something we have to embrace. Responsibility is becoming happy, becoming sad. Responsibility is fear. Responsibility is courage. Responsibility is vulnerable. Responsibility isn’t about having great power. Great power sprouts where responsibility thrives.
A child, slowly being manifested by the rules of the world. If that’s not responsibility then I guess I am not a human being. But that’s not true. I am responsible. Responsibility is me. Things are getting started and life is going to teach me, correct me.
Life is trying to get something out from me.


A child inside a maturing soul
Being vulnerable in life is courageous. It teaches us how chain of events unfold slowly, piece by piece. Life unfolds itself to us and shows its true nature at unexpected times. We are not on the safer side no matter how “correct” things seem. At such times, life is merely a synonym to misery and failure. Such are the times when we feel free to cry, to carve up the emotions on our cheeks, to taste bitterness and to walk reluctantly with your meaningful aspect of “bravery”.
Today was different. I cried. All the dullness of not being able to do anything overpowered my soul and my willpower. It’s not that I am not a human. Even animals cry. But today was something else.
It has been ages since I shed up my tears. All the emotions I had suppressed were all lost at those times of childhood when life meant “struggle” and “pain”. I was raised in the sea of my parents’ tears, the taste of which I can’t really describe in these words I am struggling to write today.
We had struggled enough to not cry because humans cry when they are vulnerable. And today was something else. I still remember those salty water from my mother’s eyes — vulnerable, fear and hopeless. I know what it feels to live life “miserably”. To live with fear. To move towards an uncertain future. To live your life with one meal a day. To go to school without any money and schooling materials.
Today, as I was leading way for my mother I felt some nostalgic sensation. A child, all afraid and vulnerable, walking in his mother’s shoe. Little hand grasping the pains of a mother. Little mind believing in a distant, yet bright, future. And a curious little life pumped up by love. Those sensations were something I tried to suppress once we got onto the track of our own life. And now, same feeling have carved up the path for tomorrow. A grown up child giving hope to his mother. And in that very moment, I have found my very own world. I shouldn’t lose hope. I should be strong enough because now I have many lives to pump up.
I guess this is life. Little bit of fear and little bit of courage. Little bit of dullness and little bit of hope. An eternity of love.


Vulnerability and Life
We are most vulnerable during our high time or when we are feeling very low. It’s this point in life where we really get to know the real colors of life, people and the supposedly called "loved ones". It’s not that we can’t stand on our own, but we need someone we can trust and depend on. Someone who really understands the struggle you are going through. Someone who helps you unconditionally, without being selfish. Someone who picks you up when you fall.
Today as I write this, me and my family are in our low time economically. We had struggled enough in the past, the seed of which has sown a great philosophical life to me. Life, the perspectives of which, has embodied certain meaning into me. We had our seer of struggle in the past. But then my friend! Life always makes you vulnerable. So why now? Just when we were having certain stability, the uncertainty of which can't be denied.
I still remember those dark and cold days when we were near homeless. I still remember the warmth of my mother's lap even when she was feeling cold during those winter days. We didn't have enough clothes to protect us from the inevitable cold. The floors used to be cold back then and mother was the only warmth we experienced. I don't know if that's what life was and probably is - not having enough food, money and shelter.
Schooling was (and is) one of the important aspects for parents to their children. Seriously? How could I go to school where dreams are thrown away at a money's graveyard. Surely my parents didn't get proper schooling but they are one of the wisest of all. They couldn't afford the money for my proper education. But like any other parents, their hopes and dreams thrive on their children's proper growth. I was always fascinated by the miracles of words and books - I did wish to study for myself. To live a better life not for me but for my parents.
Schooling was also a struggle for me. Luckily my grades were good enough for getting scholarship. But those weren't the things that made schooling life difficult. It was to be not able to keep up with "friends". I didn't eat lunch not because I wasn't hungry, but lack of money my parents struggled to earn. Trust me, I was as hungry as every other people get. If Earth was like those edible house from a fairy tale, the Earth would have vanished. Schooling taught me the value of a proper education and money. Every occasional money I used to get ( Rs 5 worth of dried green peas), I'd save them in my little bank, the cracks of which used to fill wonderful imaginations I had of the uncertain future.
Such untold tales are many. My parents' diary is the living library for anyone who thrives to find meaning of life. The words etched from the tears and bloods still echo throughout my life. The pages of life still embark a nostalgic journey of a not-so-ordinary family.
As the saying goes "a man values life when you strive him/her of food, money and shelter". Now as I value life to its greatest endpoints, I am not certain why life has made me and my family vulnerable. Life is a combination of misery and failure at these times.
Vulnerability gets pronounced. Vulnerability surprises life itself. Vulnerability is courage. I am vulnerable. My family is vulnerable. Above all, life is more vulnerable than these words I have carved.

My Melodramatic Life
Last night, we had barbeque in my mother’s house. It was a small “happy” gathering of some folks from neighborhood (including my sister) on the roof of the house. The aroma of chicken pieces was soothing to my dumb nose, and as always I kept on biting the pieces like a cannibal filling his empty stomach. The fire burning the juices inside the meat was trying to escape the desolated place filled up with laughter and excitement. And the smoke, as white as any angel can get, was desperately trying to cling into my lungs to make peace with the blood stream. The cold drinks were the only things towards salvation for the meat; they seem to be the synonyms to my little-great life — cold and exaggerated tonics. The heat in the chilling night seemed to be in haste to get dispersed into the unknowns — each coal trying to live its life as legend, fulfilling the legacy of heat.
While people were talking, singing, playing songs on the speaker, enjoying their serene digital lives, I was just being myself — lost into the flames of thoughts, traversing the hidden dimensions within my mind. As words and laughter echoed in the cold, chilling New Year’s Eve’s night, I was looking at the moon frequently for its charm and was wondering how good it is to be so near, yet so far — surrounded by stars which it could never meet, yet their presence somewhat signifies its own existence. It seems my life has become synonymous to that moon, habituated in the vastness of empty space, reflecting other’s lives and thoughts.
I wonder if people feel similar the way as I do. I don’t get wowed often — it’s rare that I often feel excited over something as trivial as New Year. I don’t like social gathering much because I have to open my mouth every now and then but the voice inside my mind can never really get out, because my mind is a haunted place. It is daunting to express the thoughts I have and the world seems to be out of place for me. My thoughts — only few get the chances to taste them.
The previous day was also the day for my graduation from bachelor. But I wasn’t excited at all, not because I wasn’t happy to be a Computer Engineer but I knew I had to meet people and force myself to be more juxtaposed with them. As you can see, the graduation ceremony might be one of the life-time events that you want to enjoy for eternity. But I don’t get wowed often. And the graduation day wasn’t different than any other day — people, here and there, like a ragged doll going into the direction which they don’t have full control over. My mother and sister were also there for me in the graduation day. I got scolded in the public because of my dress-up and not-so-cool hairstyle. But a mother’s heart is a mother’s heart. After-all, every mother desires her son (and daughter I guess) to be extraordinarily charming and handsome. But for me, I never really got stuck into the streams of external beauty. I can never fix my long nose which I have embraced with diligence and a status of my caste. I can never really fix my over-sensitive eyes which I have transformed into the signature moves for photographs by forcibly making it large. I can never really fix my height. I can never fix my boring dressing sense which I have mutated into a hippie-like satisfaction. Mother understands that. That’s why she’s always whining about my dresses — she doesn’t want her son to get overshadowed by other creatures. But that’s that. Graduation has ended and I am thankful I won’t get to meet “people” for the fake lives. Plastic people everywhere but only few are alive. That’s why only few get chance to get into my hidden dimensions.
Last week was the only thing that I really felt good, excited. The trekking was one of the best moments in my life so far. Breaking from the chains of urban life, me and my two other friends trekked, hiked and wandered with thoughts, emotions, love, hatred into the mysteries of nature. It’s these kinds of stuff that I really get “wowed” over. Living a life, far away from miseries of clusters of people and really being myself. Sweaty body, stressed muscles, junk foods and daal bhaat after long ascent/descent are what I had last week. As you see, I love peaceful environment and nature where I can really fly like an eagle gliding with ease. And last week had been like that — the surreal sunrise from the top of a hill, sound of river flowing that attracts me to dive into, the never-ending stairways to heaven, the strange girl I was infatuated to, the power of raisins I had in my jacket, roaming around the streets of cities, listening to the pub music— everything made sense. That’s the kind of life I want to live, I guess. And the money is the limit I have for now. Going through rough time these days financially, I will definitely go deep into the excavation of nature — most probably alone or some wonder-fools that can tolerate my insanity.
People are always abundant, I know and have always known. But good people are rare — they are like the unexpected algorithm you discover that optimize your life.
And that’s how my life is oscillating with melodramatic frequencies of love, hatred, friendship, emotions, thoughts and shit.


The streets I have been traveling are haunted. It’s be more than a decade I have been walking on these streets but never really gave a proper and wise looks at them. I know there are ghosts lurking beneath, frozen in time; yet to be excavated. Pains and miseries are merely the synonyms to lives on these streets. Greed, lust that is all to it on these streets.
I know it’s hard to thrive on these streets where a gentle breeze of money comes at you, touches you and leaves certain impression for survival. Money has become a synonym for such survival where a life rumbles in agony, where voices echo — of sufferings, of caring, of struggles, of stumbles, of corruptions, of hopes, of despairs, of trust and care. These streets — they continue to grow with such apparitions.
I love to walk. Trust me. I walk not because I don’t have enough money for local vehicles but walking seems to be the only thing I am good at. I walk. I walk. Tap. Tap. Tap. I feel connected to the world when I walk, especially on these haunted streets. And every step I vouch, there seems to be a chain of thoughts being avalanched in my mind cave. The surrounding seems to be more closer to me than it had ever been in the past, in the yesterday I was living in. Certain street signs right there, a name of a shop which I hadn’t noticed, a narrow alley to a dog-manifested roundabout, a dark passage to heaven, discovery of a new cafe somewhere in the middle of nowhere, the existence of that girl I thought I had seen before — all these seem to come alive when I walk.
Have you ever felt happy in your life? Or any recent event that you truly felt alive?
I find happiness in these steps I take; in those stranger-gazing moments; in those town-watching scenarios. I know life is busy, especially the recent times we are living in. We are always caught up in our own little, insignificant lives — tangled in the rush hours of modern garden of dreams. We are so much infatuated to our zombie-manifested work hours that we forget to realize who we truly are, what we have become and what the whole world is staring at. And in these poisoned times, I walk.
I walk not because I am addicted to these chemicals in the air that are sucking certain portions of my life I am having and shall have, but I simply love to walk. I love how those little children play on the streets. I love how those elderly folks talk about the country. I love how those boys stare at the girls’ ass and boobs. I love how those porters struggle. Above all, I love how people stare at my aweomse-ugly face and hippie-like dresses. I simple love these stuff. But this “love” is not “that” kind of love. I love the way the whole world outside of my reach has always been moving, irrespective of my own existence. I simple love to walk. Because when I walk I find inspiration from almost everything around me.
Ever heard of a boy carrying guitar and walking around in your neighborhood?
You probably haven’t because the neighborhood you are living in is not the same as where he roams. He wanders aimlessly like a mindless zombie. And the truth is he just carries his guitar but hesitates to play it due to insensitive mass around. So, he walks, walks and walks. That’s all to his life and life is all what walking has become to him.
It’s surprising that I get to discover urban areas while walking. But what’s intriguing is nobody knows where I had been to because I can always come up with good excuses to come home late or to make peace in the office’s attendance. You get it, right? Those who know me superficially always try to lecture me about these poisons in the air that are killing me. Of course I know it. I know I will die one day. I know how low our life expectancy is. If there’s something that’d kill me then it’d obviously be the caffeine overdose I might take some day to get relieve of the all the anxiety I have been suffering from. But walking has been a way of medication for me. I feel somewhat connected to my inner self during my urban expedition. It might not be the ideal kind of “peace” you fantasize about. But hey! Peace is just a state of mind.
On a serious note, people feel disturbed about my mental state which is always superimposed by uncanny, yet paradoxical feelings. People think I am lonely. I am suffering from depression. But that’s not it. I have never felt lonely while walking because I always have the “real me” with me while I walk. Of course there are times when I feel the lack of certain someone of opposite sex to whom I can share my these “Deep Meaningful Self Identification”. But those are the times I feel the necessity of a true love that I might not get to experience. And that might be the very reason I question the reality of love itself. Because I have seen many things I shouldn’t have seen during my little walk hours. Trust me. You wouldn’t want to fall in so-called love once you see such things that make you puke.
Walking alone doesn’t mean I am lonely.
Let me make it very clear to you all. Being alone doesn’t imply you are lonely. Loneliness thrive when you feel the necessity of someone that you have been lacking in your life. Have you ever felt that there has always been this hole in your life that’s making something really incomplete? Have you ever felt that there is something missing in your life? Yup that’s loneliness. And I get bombarded by that thought sometime when I get deeper into my mind cave. But not generally walking on these haunted streets.
All these time I have felt the streets are haunted. But the reality is just the reverse. These streets are just the manifestation of my own thoughts. The symbolic links to my own existence. I have been haunting these streets — I guess walking alone has become more than just a habit. A way of life.


Who am I
Surmounted in a vicious cycle
Trapped. Breaking free.
And again chained and trapped.
The world asks me
Who I am
I can’t answer that.
I guess…
I am still struggling to define me.
I don’t know what kind of being I am.
Or am I even a being?
Sometimes as I lie around in the mist of chaos
I think myself as a “Brick”.
Let alone, I might not be so significant.
But together with other bricks, I will definitely fit in to a never-ending stairs of dreams.
Oh, wait! I am just another brick in the wall.
Out of shape. Jagged and Cracked. May or may not fit well with other.
Yup.
I might be “that” brick people throw around.
Protests. Fights. Dead loads.
I might as well blend in as a piece of shit.
But again. What do you think I am?
I can’t answer that.
I guess…
I am a cockroach.
A little creature that has tendency to give creeps 
To the beautiful among beautiful, brave among braves.
A little pest — dancing in the darkness
To be enchanted by the humanly screams.
Chhhh…. One moment you see me. Another moment, I vanish into the void.
Most of the time, I lash out in fear.
Fear of being stepped upon by my own thoughts.
Fear of being suffocated by the chains of reality.
Suffocation is real.
I suffocate from my own breathe that seems to sway even in the absence of beats.
Fear of being stamped — By the exoskeleton of false identity I wear.
This suit. It is heavy. And I fear.
I fear of being crumbled by this exoskeleton I shed every now and then.
I fear of me undergoing metamorphosis time and again.
And every time I emerge, I still feel I am that same old cockroach that had the Identity Crisis
But again. What do you think I am?
Can you tell who I am?
I am in a crisis here.
I can’t answer that.
Perhaps. I am a piece of “Stone” on the road.
I have seen people pass by.
Lovers. Haters. Parents. Children.
Narcissist. Introverts. Extroverts.
Different kinds of beings I have seen.
And I am standing there on the road. All by myself. As stealth as any piece of stone can be.
Waiting to be stumbled by the “one”.
Waiting for someone to get tipped.
Waiting. Waiting. Waiting…
Withstanding rains — each drop falling upon me like a missile from an unknown time
Forging my identity like a blacksmith whose identity you never know.
For I am just Waiting. Waiting. Waiting.
Withstanding sun — the sun mocks my pride for it cannot move me from where I am lying.
Waiting. Waiting. Waiting.
Withstanding the wind — for it cannot erode away this uncanny masks of detachment. solitude
Waiting. Waiting. Waiting.
I am lying there on the road. All by myself. As stealth as any piece of stone can be.
Yet. You cannot see me. You cannot know me.
For I can’t really tell who I am.
Can you tell who I am?
I am in a crisis here.
I can’t seem to find me.
Perhaps…
I am no one, I am them.
I am “he”, I scream.
I am nature, I am free
I am time, I am space.
I am a figment of your imagination
I am a canvas where you paint your thoughts of freedom
Where each stroke of dots is a whole world in itself.
Like a black hole that is pulling all that is in existence. All that will never be.
Boundless your visions are. But you cannot really know me.
For I am a “question” that you will never find an answer to.


Paradox of My Life
As I peek into the time ticking
All that is gone has never been
All that has gone is never seen
And the plot is on with this hum
And I know I will be gone…..
In this wicked land of make-believe
Is it only about me?
Are my thoughts cheap?
Am I trapped in an eternity of condemnation?
Or just a self-exposed contradiction?
The paradoxes of thoughts?
Or the thoughts of a paradox?
Yes,
I guess I am a paradox.
Paradox is me.
All I can do is watch and sit
Dunno where I’m going, what it’ll be
As if the wickedness inside
Has the audacity to defy it
To defy the salvation beneath
Where my soul wait to be bleached
And all I can do is…
Just watch and sit…
Just watch and sit…
Yes! My friend!
Or should I call you a FOE?
You are me and I am you
Both entangled in an oddly shaped world,
Wandering thoughtlessly like a zombie
Inside the world where you and I collide.
Where we grind
Our hopes, our dreams
In the place of make-believe.
And yes!
I have brought it upon me
Where we aren’t set free
Yes, my friend
You are right
You are me and I am you
With the mockery in the thoughts
And the heavy inertial plots
It is my shadow lurking beneath
As I watch the time ticking
My shadow stands there
Peeking. Searching. Wanting.
With stealth vision of slaughter
A deep conscious murder
My thoughts and my shadow conflict
Here and now, there and then
These are inside me
And I am inside them
What is this world?
Where is my place?
I stand — lost in thoughts
I am lost — in the mist of life
Running. Hiding.
Hush…
There comes a sudden whisper
A loud breeze passing by
There comes the sound
Wimpering
Ahhhh….
The lingering sound of silence.
The panicking sound of my own shadow.
Yes, you are right
I cant hide…
Is there any place to hide?
Or is it my illusion
To be bounded here
Trying to be free
With an absolute state of mind
Falling into a bottomless pit
Into a never-ending cycle of hope and despair.
In the world where time mocks you.
In this world shaped like a doughnut.
Where you and I meet.
Where me and my shadow reside.
Trapped inside each other.
My shadow feeds needlessly upon the darkness
Like cannibals hunting down their own kind.
My thoughts sip through my mind
Like a parasite eating me from inside.
As darkness dances in its eternal glory
My life pulsates, radiates into the unknown
Like a water leaking through the cracks
Unknown of its shape.
Remain silent.
Can you hear it?
Can you hear it?
Just listen to it…
That’s the sound of time passing by.
Remain silent.
And enjoy the rhythms of life.
Finally, I can hide.
The shadow is gone.
The sound is no more.
And the ending is seamless.
Now I know.
Oh my thoughts.
Oh my vision.
Oh my dream.
You are all my FRIEND
You are all my FOE


Emptiness
It’s been almost a month that I have lost something within me. Something that every human strives for. Something that makes a human “human”. For me it’s not worthy. Not that I don’t like to possess it within me, but things have changed for me. It’s something that a child will feel immediately after birth right to the eternal slumber.
I don’t think I have it now. It’s not that I have always been very possessive of it, but for me it wasn’t something I really understood throughout my life.

The Emotional Attachment
Yes. I don’t feel attached emotionally to anything, anyone now. I have lost this very element of “life”. Circumstances have really made me who I am today and it is for greater good. Time is a misery in itself. And that the patience and endurance are the two slow poisons of life.
Morality
I cannot really differentiate what is correct and what is not. Everything seems to be in-place in their own perspective now. A terrorist having his/her own reason to be in that place. An engineer who has lost his attachments. A writer who wrote a novel about evil being defeated by some greater good being.
Everything seems to be normal for me now. I don’t even know what “normal” really is. A mind that has lost interests in almost anything. A mind that thrives in isolation. A mind that is lost within the great silences. A mind floating like a leaf in the gentle breeze of solitude.
Perhaps, it might be due to being aware of the present — the now. Yes! The Right Now.
It’s not the consequences of the meditation I have been doing, which I have started “again”. Previously (ages ago), when I used to meditate I used to be filled up with depression due to some existential crisis. Now, it’s just me. Don’t get me wrong. I have never been to any meditation centre of which I highly think of “f**k it”. The real meditation is when you start to contemplate your own mind. For me “optimistic nihilism” has started to become a consolation for existential crisis.
What you do is what the whole universe is doing at the place you call ‘here and now’. You are something that the whole universe is doing, in the same way that a wave is something the whole ocean is doing. The real you is not a puppet which life pushes around. The real deep down you is the whole universe. — Alan Watts
Who you really are, you almost have to go by yourself. Stop talking. Stop thinking words and be absolutely alone. Listen to the great silences. Then if you’re lucky, you’ll recover from the illusion that you’re just small me and so and so. And you’ll change the state of nirvana.
Because it’s very difficult to find out while you’re with other people. The reason is other people are busy all the time telling you who you are, in many many ways — by the laws they impose on you, by the behavior riots they set upon, by the things they tell you and by the facts that they always call you by your name — and by the fact that you live among people and always in the state of chattering.
“You cannot smooth rough water using a flat iron” — Alan watts
Incantation of fear kills a man. Hope might resurrect him.
The only thing I fear is me. I don’t know what I have become or what I will be. Perhaps I am my own figment of imagination, a faint portrait.
Nothing surprises a man more than finding the true soul within himself.
The time I live is different than yours. Timeless thoughts and thoughtless time — these are saprophytes
But hope is a paradox. While it eats a man from inside, it might resurrect the man from outside.
Inspiration
Now, I get inspired by almost anything — be it the cockroaches in the kitchen, a paper floating in the air, a poop on the ground, a dog that’s trying to find food in the vastness of sewage. Even a stone on the road has its influences.
What I feel is we are like donkeys chasing carrots that are dangled before their noses from sticks attached to their collars. This is one of the classic examples of modern civilization. Having said that, the very donkey still inspires me. It’s merely a symbolic representation. You can replace the donkey with yourself — it’s okay to do that.
And the darkness that has always inspired me. Let the darkness uphold the light within. Let it create certain values within your soul.
Live. Don’t just breathe.
We think “breathing” is living. Just think. Are you really living your life? Or someone else’s life?
How do you know if a man is truly the man you see?
Rewind your life. And make choices that really matter.
Choice
I am not saying you have to isolate yourself from the society. Because that’s impossible to do at modern times. Be like a lotus on muddy water. That’s your choice. We live in a society where we are bombarded by the judgment from the people who judge themselves as morally stable.
“Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone.” — Alan Watts
Your mind can create all the abundance you could ever imagine, so you need to protect it like it’s the only possession you have. Don’t be the prisoner of your own mind.
So you choose what you take to be your preferred choice. Or does simply making the choice help create the preference? It’s always a paradox in itself.
For me,
The idea of being socially isolated is pretty conspicuous. My mind thrives where isolation and solitude lies. When you find me, do let me know if it’s me because I have lost myself to the unknowns, to the emptiness. I can’t really find myself.
