Dear Lieblingsmenschen, It has just been a week that I got back home. And as soon as I put down my bags and looked around the room, I understood that home held an entirely new meaning. Do not get me wrong. I still love my bed and my room. My study table and yellow daisies above it are still the places where my soul wanders. Nothing has changed but the feeling of home. I am home and I am home-sick. I remember writing about this in my journal (which has been confiscated by a Pride and Prejudice loving freak) few weeks ago when I was still in the village. I wrote how “I” was home. I felt like I could be my own home and that way I could never ever be home-sick. It turns out that it is kind of hard to knock on my doors to let me in sometimes. I keep losing my key! And it is not a bad thing. At least, I know I have lost my key. Anyway, this letter is not about that. I will find home again. This time at a new place with new people. I will survive. Survival is the key word here. In past two months, I’ve learned that you can learn anything if you have to learn it. I’ve learned to survive. I’ve learned to push myself so hard because there was nobody else to do that for me. I’ve learned to be brave enough to smile even when I wanted to cry. I’ve learned that love flies like soul and touches the clouds around you. And even when those clouds burst out storming water and thunder, it is okay to be outside smelling the earth. And rocks crumble like sugar but they also rip your trousers if you slide in them for too long. I’ve learned that under the river there’s something more than sand and rocks because why would I still feel them underneath my feet after all these days that I’ve been away from it? I’ve learned to stay in the ground even when my pride flees in the jungle of praises. I’ve learned life in ways that I never could learn before. In contrast, I’ve unlearned things too. I think I forgot how to stay. And I’ve found new ways to escape. Remember how I used to run off into fantasies and have my mind in the clouds all the time? I still do that. However, the clouds are new and real. They are so approachable that I can taste them and hug them. I can be among them. I am on the edge of something and I can either fall or fly. I do not know which will be true. If I fall I get to be on a rock bottom where I can build a new foundation. But I am scared what life will mean when I am there. Will I still be this positive? Will I still have the strength to stand up? Or will I wither away like leaves in autumn? All these questions lead me to the fact that I am still unknown to far too many things. For instance, I do not know how strong I am. I do not know how to say no; how not to be too generous. I still cannot control my tears. I wonder if I will ever learn to do that. But then I know that I don’t know all these things. Yusra used to demonstrate how we don’t even know what we don’t know. She tells it in a better way. Someday I’ll ask her to make an inspirational video out of it. And then there are things that haven’t changed. I am still a worrier gently trying to fold into worrying warrior. Trying without succeeding. I aim to change in this cycle by trying to let the air into my lungs until it displaces the worry which, leads me to the information that I will be leaving again. Very soon. In another village. And I do not know how it will be like. It will be much different and more challenging because this time I am going as a Team Leader. That would mean a lot of responsibility, patience and resilience. I am still to conquer all those things. However, I know that nobody is born a leader, they become one. So I am going to try to be a good one.  Wish me luck! Until then! P.S. I promise I will try to sneak in more blog posts. Please don’t give up on me!!Home was a family.  We were a family of ten. A mom and a dad. Six sisters. And two of us. Yusra and I. Our family woke up early. As soon as the sun touched the sky, we heard Aama and buwa’s phone conversation. Buwa works in Gorkha and Aama calls him every morning. Most mornings, I sat down in a muda overlooking floating clouds and green leafy hills with my silver diary in which, I wrote pages and pages of memories. Kalpana is same as my age and is the eldest daughter who sings in the voice of an angel. Samjhana is married and has a son. She visits regularly. Sabina is Yusra’s Taekwondo guru as Yusra is her Yoga guru. In evenings, they practiced their yoga and Taekwondo. Sajina is a genius and she is an amazing dancer too.  Kareena is a star and does amazing splits. She also never stops talking. In the last few days, she would not leave me alone in the room. She insisted on watching me sleep and I let her.  Kabina is the youngest. She is our tinker bell. She danced and she sang with her little lips curled up in a smile so endearing that we fell in love with her every day. Ours was a pastel pink house on top of the hill. The window of our room faced the maize field and the dried leaves rustled every time breeze touched them. It felt like music. The attic was house to magic: Dry garlic and dry corn lined up in rows and columns. I never found spaces to walk across it, so I walked barefoot on piles of stalks that felt like uncomfortable roller-skates. At night, stars appeared and we hugged them from afar noticing how close they were and how beautiful than the stars back in the city. Sometimes, there would be fireflies in our room and it looked like moving stars. It was delightful to see stars fly in the room like that. I felt blessed every day.I crave the river bank where lying upside down I forgot my doubts and fears grasses smelled of rain and so did the mud but they were always quite about it, like sophisticated angel eyed butterflies that flew, flew, flew befriending dragonflies that had rainbow hues in their wings as they went up, up, up around a farm with pearl teethed buffalo who lost her pearls but still gave milk, still chewed the dried maize plants, still breathed out aggressive carbon dioxide as she saw us climbing down a small narrow path where the pink pastel house waited like a tree that waits for her birds to show up at night I crave the river under the bridge that brought clouds right next to my nose making me sneeze but smile I was one among the clouds and I had no full stops only semi colons of days that went by bye bye in blink of an eye there was a hill with two rainbows, one moon and one woman who had lived a drought in a forest with no water she was washed into a village with no blue water bins and  she talked, talked, talked but did nothing to change the dresses that marked the up and down of that village and town I crave the banana groves gated greens of mulberry trees, a mustache man with strong hands whistling tunes into basuri and his family in the rice fields digging beneath the earthy soil growing soul in rocky hills DMCs in a room with fireflies tinkerbell’s knock, knock, knock and smile that opened all the locks windows facing happiness night prowl of brown-white cat gazing stars and planets that blinked, blinked, blinked stretching in a yoga mat I crave all those things that made me breathe the misty mists I believed in the mysteries the calling of never-ending melody and I crave all those thingsI was absent for more than two months from the blogging world. All this time, I was in the most wonderful village of Nepal. It is called Amling. This village gave me invaluable memories and the people gave me so much love. Why did I go there? I was volunteering in International Citizen Service for Raleigh International. I learned many things there and I hope to share them all with you guys. Thank you for not clicking the unfollow button even when I was gone for months.“About time I wrote something”, thought a wandering mind on a breezy morning. It was easier to think then. It was much easier to make a cinema out of the scenarios that went on. Naked trees somehow inspired vulnerability. I wanted to sit on the footpath and scribble shamelessly on the ground about how happy I was at that moment. I have always had a thing for silent roads. They let you soak up all the calm and space that you need. That is when the entropy comes in. Total randomness of thoughts, inaudible and lively and everything in between. Rational even but not always. There were no ends to the words that flowed this morning as I was walking, no ends to the metaphors that came up. I think blankets beckon the stringent side of me who does not hear whispers of that morning soul. It craves for foreign words instead. And the rational papers made up of logical points. It seeks answers to all the questions asked in the day. I also have a thing for answers. The folders of questions open up making it impossible for the Kopfkino to go on. It never stops entirely though. In fact, I have doubts on entirety of the Universe. Nothing is ever complete. Everyone’s life looks like an unfinished Venn diagram. And that is how, the night becomes a bane to all the calmness and sleep becomes “Leises Leiden”. So the stories of the mind end when there is a desire to be something more than the story. The road to reality is painfully crowded and noisy. It smells of cigarettes, sweat, and thousand other unpleasant stuffs.  I am homesick for words, for lies and for sleep. They are all within my reach. There is a drawer full of books behind the bed, adorned with words and bewitching lies. The magical worlds, soulful poems and tragedies laden with blood and tears. Lies. Then there is sleep in my eyes which I ignore most nights in the pursuit of time. I am homesick for time too. I need more. I need more easy breezy mornings in still silent roads, I need a slow-paced hour to fall in love and I need a couple of hours more between 4 AM to 5 AM because that is when real sleep occurs. Before that, the sleep is a werewolf, a metamorphosis of restless voices and visions. In between the deafening reality, sometimes, I can hear my Scorpion twin scribbling away all my thoughts back in the 1950s. Only that she was one of the most eloquent, innovative and intelligent minds and I am not even close. As ingenious as she was, she writes in her journal, “…… to know that it’s four twenty three o’clock by the watch you got for graduation and that in three days you have your first midyear exam and that you’d much rather read anything but what you have to, but you do have to, and you will, although you’ve already wasted two hours writing Stream-of-consciousness stuff in here when your stream isn’t even much to brag about, after all.” I wasted three hours writing this stream of semi-consciousness. But thanks to her, I wrote fearlessly after a long time.In a cold morning with fog ahead of me, rain clouds dancing with joy up above the sky, I could only feel the warm cup of coffee and the soft wind touching my skin as I stood in front of the captivating city trying to think about all the wonderful things, all the beautiful things and I could think of none. My mind was blank as an empty sheet of waxed paper where nothing was written and nothing could be written. A sense of hopelessness dragged me into thinking about how insignificant I was until I could not breathe and all I could hear was my heart drumming inside the rib-cage, my blood flowing all over the body screaming their existence while my soul screamed the opposite as it tried to disappear into nothingness. And it all happened in a nothing kind of morning, when nobody saw the misery of my nothingness and my mom kept complaining about how I do none of the things she asks me to do and how “No” was my ultimate answer to everything. She sighed the sigh she sighs when hopelessness hugs her and then she asked me if I was okay. And for the first time, I meant it when I said, “No”. Submitted for the daily prompt-Dear You, How do you start a letter where you intend to wrap your soul into pieces and not care about what happens to it? How do you not hope because rising hopes are guaranteed to push you down a mountain top? I don’t know how people just utter those three words. So casually that it loses all the meaning behind it. Or does it make it more meaningful? It’s because my mind is made up of thousands of things, valid and invalid, loud and silent, that makes me want to contradict myself in every steps I take;  it’s because of that I cannot comprehend if I love you or if I hate you. Once upon a time, I used to walk along the bamboo trees, thinking about chaos theory and the way universe blends in space and the world still limited to boundaries that it made. I used to think about being a president, being thousands of things, dreaming about colors that rise out of people like aura. And I was happy. I was content. I was holding on to me. And now, when I walk alongside those same bamboo trees, I can feel the smiles coming out of nowhere remembering the things you said last night. And I laugh shamelessly at nothing sometimes. I keep wondering if you woke up already or if you ever slept. I keep wondering what you are thinking at the moment. And if you being in the whole other place, with whole other people, will it be ever possible to blend like the universe does? Or will we be two separate worlds: Boundaries separating the rivers of your world to merge with the oceans in mine. What will it be like to hold your hand and walk silently beside you? What will it be like to speak in real? To not just type in the feelings, and say it out loud, to be able to know how you hold a coffee cup and how you stare at the pretty ladies passing by and how subtly you hide it. I want to not think about all these because they are eerie. They don’t make sense. Why would I want to meet a person who didn’t exist in my life a while ago? But I do. Why would I dream of crossing the hills and roads that dance in circles just to find out if it was just me making up stories in my mind like always? And maybe that is the reason I hate you so much. I hate you for not being in a place where it is easy to give in. I hate you for making me think about all the nonsensical stuffs! I hate you for not being out of my head for a moment. I hate you for making me feel high and low at the same time. And I hate you for making me go into the road, I have never been in. I am wandering the woods all alone without even knowing if I am the right person to be there, if I am in the right place to be there. Do you know how terrifying all of this is? Do you know how the “giving in” and “committing” doesn’t really fit into my dictionary and now I have been wondering if I can replace some of the words with these? It’s not easy and it’s not hard as well. All it is is new. I have never been like this before and I hate it or maybe I don’t. I don’t know. So I cannot figure out where the reality stops and dreams begin. Where do you stop and my version of you begin? I cannot figure out if it’s you I love or you I made up in my mind. I cannot figure anything out and still, still a part of me tells me that I am in love; may be not with you but the idea of you. And it is haunting. It is scary. I don’t want to go into places that don’t have a good end. I don’t want to explore the thorns in this whole other set of feelings. I have my own to explore and there are many more to come. But still, it is nice being able to say that maybe… maybe I am in love. And it’s okay if you aren’t. Yours truly,‘I have not written in ages’ was the sentence I started with every time I wrote something and nothing would come up after that because it was a lie. I had been writing all along; even at times, I did not want to write and no words escaped out in the paper. In the buses I rode with head phones on, eyes open, looking at the abysmal scenarios that passed by: the broken bridges, dusty roads, black smokes coming out of dingy vehicles, clouded eyes of drunkards, smelly shirts of hardworking people in a nasty mood, crammed spaces searching for air, my brain would compose poems after poems that never found their way into the papers. The scariest thing about not writing was the constant thought that lodged into my mind that nobody would care if I stopped writing completely. Each day, I stared at the tip of the pen to drop a useful ink in the papers but it did not until one faithful night I opened up the diary that contained pages and pages of smudged inks and was only half filled up. It contained letters to imaginary people written by a girl of fifteen about how good the pani-puri tasted and how she failed a math test. It seemed as if the girl did not care about the grotesque handwriting and grammatical errors. All she cared about was to jot down everything and every single memory her tiny self gathered from the world. I did not recognize her at all, wished I were she and became her for a night. I was fifteen that night and I wrote a poem about an open lidded acetone bottle that was both dark and angry like all the fifteen year olds are or maybe like how I was. After that, I composed a lists of embarrassing whys and why not’s. It was all very satisfying and tiring not because I did not get to sleep that night, but because being a fifteen year old is somewhat un-nerving. I have been writing since then. Little by little, starting with a sentence and moving on to a paragraph and then two.  The first sentence I wrote after that night of being fifteen was, “Expecto Patronum your dementors”, which was not very original and did not have any concrete meaning whatsoever but considering that the ratio of words escaping through the pen to the paper was zero is to one, it seemed like a great achievement. Writing has always been about escaping reality. Maybe I stopped writing because at this point of time, reality is slapping my face like a Hindi tele-movie’s “saas”. I would compare reality with a kind of common cold that shuts down your ear canal and makes you feel like a drowned fish but I will not because that is literally my reality right now. I still stumble at words and sentences and some of my thoughts will never find their way into a paper because I do not know how to make them sound coherent. If my fifteen year old self wanted to form these thoughts into sentences, I am sure she would go with a green pen in big capital letters, “I HATE YOU WORLD!!! AND COMMON COLD!” It was her way of coping with reality in a sentence. These days, I cope it with bundles of tissue paper and coffee and phone calls. It is okay to believe that she was more interesting than I am.  Maybe she was stronger than I was because she fought her battles alone and survived with all those imaginary people she made up while I have an army that help me through everything. Over the years, it was as if those imaginations materialized in unbelievable ways. I keep wondering if she was writing my story, years ago in that study table beside blue windows, which had a kid hanging by the handle, shouting routes of microbuses. (This is the story for another time). Her letters were ode to things that did not exist and she was glad. When things did not made sense she wrote until they made sense and she was glad. She was glad and that really mattered to her. She was never worried if the world was glad with her scribbles as long as she was happy. Today, I would have not written all these stuffs, if it were not for her diary. She made me realize that the reason I started writing was not to judge and coward away from feelings. It was because the words had power to change the world around me, even though the change was infinitesimally little. It made me happy. And it mattered.Sometimes I become less of a person to myself. Sometimes I become an embodiment of feelings so chaotic and misty. On days like that, my bed becomes the hearth of Hestia. When that does not help, well, nothing does. I am not broken or weak. I am just not ready to face the world today. I am not ready to realize once again that, while everything and everyone else is moving in the speed of light, my steps are not fast enough to reach anywhere. Sometimes I become less of a person to myself. I measure my worth in body pains and sugar intakes. I forget to look up at the sky and I lower my head towards the enticing Gaia, who lures me to believe in tales of sadness weaved by the mind. When the going goes tough, the tough gets going, right? However, I want to stop and breathe. I do not want to be trapped in the chaos I created, but chaos is addictive like sadness. Sometimes I am not a person. I am the water in a pond, stagnant and lazy, green with algae growing all over. I hate myself. I want to be the river: flowing, fearless, breaking hills and merging with the ocean. And I forget that lotus grows in the pond, not in the river. I forget all the good things that happen in the pond.  I could be the pond where people throw coins at to make their wishes come true. I could be the pond where nobody ever drowns in or dies in. There are no bad memories associated with me. Even though there are, they can be forgotten easily. Who remembers a pond? Sometimes I forbid people to love me. I run away in the farthest corners of a maze where finding me is next to impossible. I get lost in non-existing worlds where paranoia feeds me glimpses of future. And when I get out of it, people who once loved me, or were trying to love me, are the glimpses of future I once saw. Sometimes, I forbid me to love myself. And it is scarily the easiest thing ever. I give in to the mist. I give in to absolutely everything. It is when the mist blankets my body; I begin to realize that nobody is ever going to rescue me from the nightmares I have created. I have to be my own knight in shining armor. I rescue that wounded self with pages and pages of apologies. I let her see the sky again. I feed her mint chocolate chip ice-cream and walk with her in the darkest evenings with wind howling over us like injured wolf. I make her listen to the old songs and I see that she is never without a friend. I remind her repeatedly to be gentle with herself. She listens. She is the best listener.Letters and Poems. I cannot always voice them or post them. Sometimes I cannot even write them. But they are always there in the corners of my mind, collecting dust and sticky notes of dirty handwriting. I wish to write them here. I wish to step out of my comfort zone. I wish not to be scared anymore. Please bear with me, okay? -Pallavi.Dear Junk E-mail, How does it feel to be a Junk? Dejected in some sidebar, Looking up at the inbox full of “important” e-mails Do you feel out of place too? Maybe you were not meant to be there, Maybe it was a mistake, You have no way to correct it, do you? So you accept your fall, You sit there in the sidebar, Stare at them typing away the replies, Letters of love and hate, pass by you And smile With pity hanging Into the end of their J’s, g’s, S’s and O’s They are good letters, Full of feelings and emotions, Words full of rage, devotion, You like them You want to be them You will never be them and you know it.   How does it feel to end up in a trash can full of other junks? They are scared as you are. They fear that little bin button, A click and they will be gone Nobody will miss them Nobody will try to recover them. How does it feel to know that there is nobody by your side? To tell you that it is okay to be a Junk, That you are important. You will never notice them even if you tried Because you know that, you are not important, You will never be. Knowledge kills you everyday Hope still keeps you alive And sometimes, You find your way through servers Ending up in the Inbox, Shouting out loud your abilities, your worth, your words Just to be frowned at and spammed.   How does it feel, dear Junk Email? To be not worth a dime to the person you are sent to, To be anonymous in the world full of names Visibly invisible in the crowded shroud of letters. How does it feel?–So you just breathe, when nothing makes sense you tell yourself “Ein Moment bitte” and forget your world the darkness will fade you breathe. So you close your eyes and hibernate collapse inside walls insecurity hugs you tight you close your eyes you breathe. So you just breathe save your heart from   of pain das macht nichts it doesn’t matter entropies were meant to scatter your life around So you just breathe.     viaBecause we are selfish bitches, With attitude problems so huge, it hurts. Because we live like queens Fighting with dragons in the dungeons Where we breathe in the fires of sexism and prejudice. And still survive the toxicity Because we are toxic.   We absorb hate like blotting papers. In crowded buses, we stare into the very soul Of molesters, of seemingly kind strangers Who poke and pull into the dresses we wear. Sometimes we avoid getting out of the house, Staying in until the hate disappears, Sunshine appears, We try to be the outdated versions of ourselves, Where innocence ruled. We absorb love too, like blotting papers. 
 Because we are selfish bitches, We are scared of commitments, We are scared of looking into dreamy eyes for too long, Because we know, how it could end, Because we THINK. Because we have brains with neurons That somehow connects with our souls Therefore, we vomit “no” everywhere In the plates of expectations and bowls of tradition Because our schedules are filled With self-centered dreams.   We are selfish bitches, Guarding our kind with Valerian swords Easing away the restlessness. We are our own versions of Jane Eyre Poor, obscure, plain and little We are our own Patronuses With as much as soul and heart as you do. 
 There aren’t any cages built for us, There never will be.Chins arched up in her bare knees He gazed at her like one gazes at the stars, Distant she was with book in her hands And dreams in her eyes, Imagining imperfection with perfect words Describing unfathomable feelings in non-existent worlds He wondered if she ever thought about him, He wondered if he ever mattered Or was he just a distraction, He wondered if she ever noticed That beyond those hard-covers There was a world, A real one, Waiting for her embrace Driving by the seasons, There was a real world She refused to notice. 
 Every nerve of her secretly danced When the ends of his chins With bit of a beard, Were touching her knees blatantly Unashamed he was, Looking at her, And silently telling her to come out Of the places which she loved to be in Unmasking the world she avoided Making her believe that storms and winds Were just as beautiful as springs and sun He was there, just there, within her reach All she could think about was his piercing eyes, The way his chest was heaving, The way his hands barely touched hers, His fingertips on her shoulders Trying to make her stop looking at the words Beautifully carved in paper Trying to make her impulsive enough To rise up from her reading nook To kiss him in the lips But there he was in the real world, And she in the fictional one Each day trying to bring the two worlds together Each day failing She wondered if he was real even, And if touching him would make him go Inside the book she was reading So she stayed still, with him looking at her Until he walked away.Here’s something from Sylvia Plath. Spread the joy! Spread the happiness! I love you people. And I love this website. Everybody is so kind and helpful. I am glad I decided to join. Good day & Good night! Alles Liebe,I have been nominated for the Mystery Blogger Award. This is my first ever nomination! And I am excited!! I am not sure what the rules are, so I am just sneaking into   blog. Her blog is AWESOME!! She is honest to the core and her thoughts flow so beautifully in the words she writes. Thank you so much for nominating me Nel!!! Okay, the rules are to tell three things about yourself, answer the questions asked and nominating more people. Here we go!! Oh boy!! This might take an eternity to answer. I read voraciously!  Choosing only one would be very difficult. I am going to list out 5 of my favorite books and series: I think I would write for  . I mean Shonda Rhymes is great and all but I’d stop Derek, Mark and Lexie from dying. I would add more musicals. I would never let Cristina leave. I would end the show at season 12 with an epilogue where Meredith has Alzheimer’s and Zola finds the cure! I nominate:   My questions are:Getting home sun stroked, Stories to tell of lost roads, Fishing the cell phone to dial As the mirror sees a fading smile. Nobody to call and talk Words stored in an electrical bulk A bitter lump in the throat Trying not to float On the bell jar bubbled thoughts The unseen fights you fought. Surviving empty tears, Dark days of clouded fears Still you hum the song, your soul craves “You are brave. You are brave. You are brave.” viaThe smell of war in his skin, Unclaimed ashes of someone or something, Lying in the mahogany couch Unopened and untouched. His blood makes a map of places he conquered In the white tiles, it runs like river. His blue lips give away the sound Of the last name he whispered Over the wind and below the chaos. His shut eyes, tell the story of dreams Where he saw her Cuddling and hugging Before he went away, Trying not to cry but crying anyway. Hiding behind the stair case, Her commitment issues That knocked his doors time and again, She was a lifeguard away from drowning And he was her post-it person. She was darker than anyone could ever be, And he was the one who made the carousel stop. The smell of war in his skin, Unclaimed ashes of someone or something Was hers. And she decided to let it fly in the clouds with him. ~~(Wrote it the day Derek died)~~I wish I could remember the day I was born, To see you smile when you first looked at me. I wish I could remember the first step I took, To see you proud and laughing with glee. 
 But I am happy with all the memories I have, Of slides and boats and swings and sweets, Of holding your index finger every Saturday afternoon To ride on trains that felt like dreams. 
 I never really understood what sadness was, Because you shielded me from every pain Like Aegis you scared all my monsters away, While teaching me how to fight even in the rain. 
 Today, I am strong enough to defend myself, Stand on everything I have ever believed in, Because I am half you, Stubborn and never ready to give in. 
 It is not easy to be you really, But I try hard to be unbreakable. In all my glorious failures and fall-downs, I am also learning the power of vulnerable Vulnerability is misjudged as a weakness. But it’s not. With each passing day, I learn That vulnerability is being Courageous enough to accept imperfectness of things Vulnerability is the ability to say, “I love you” first, To people who matter the most. So today, Your paradoxically strong and weak, Gentle and tough, Passionate and platonic Sociable and loner Daughter, With all her heart and soul, Wants you to know That you mean the world to her And you matter the most Because you are the best Papa in the world And I love you.How can you not be happy when you have tan lines all over the skin? You swam in the river too long, You walked until your legs were numb, You looked up the sky and gray clouds smiled and showered. You were the oldest you could be and the youngest you wanted to be. How can you give up when there is a world out there waiting? Mountains and hills up above you and ocean just underneath, A person who wants to know a person like you, You could stop someone’s chaos. How can you not realize that? You could be the whoosh of air that comes along when a big truck passes by, Making people enjoy the only breeze that comes along, When they are walking by the hot road all day long. How can you look at your reflection and not see yourself? The stranger in the mirror you are pretending to be everyday, The heart that is beating and beating and beating, Underneath the ribs inside the color changing skin, you are wearing, If it gets red under the sun and blue under the snow, So can your soul. If it can feel everything, the world offers, How can you refuse yourself that opportunity to feel? When they tell you that feeling too much is a weakness, It is damn hard to make them believe, That for every bit of happiness they feel, you feel twice as much, For every bit of sadness they feel, you feel twice as much How can you limit yourself only to things that exist? When your tears can be poems and your smiles can be stories, When your walks can be dances moves and your voice can be music You are a limitless canvas waiting to be painted, so why won’t you begin? Why are you waiting for the “one” who exists in a different plane? One that might need a wormhole of belief and black hole of trust, Things that can take all the light you have in a fraction of second Things that can null your existence in THIS plane you are living in. Why can’t you think about the 5 year old you? Chasing the monsters with cape tied on the neck, Racing empty nail polish removers in the window sill, You were perfect on your own and granny was your superhero Vegetables were the only things you hated. You made hammocks out of mommy’s shawls, Pulled your daddy’s mustache to see if it was real, Cried your heart out when you were hurt, Tried to fit all the cotton candy in your mouth at once You only knew how to be you, so why can’t you learn that again? The world was your own, why don’t you claim it again? When the storms of emotions hit you hard, just let them be Absorb every bit of everything the world offers you Because you are meant to feel. You live to feel. And sometimes you feel to live.Dear You, You gave one of the worst interviews of your life and the only thing you were worried about was that there were no donuts in your favorite donuts shop. You are a funny person. You walked all the way back home. You never thought a bit about that interview. You thought it was doomed from the very beginning, not meant to be. You walked all the way home. All those miles of footsteps and dust in your shoes, your ironed new shirt and pant, your face layered in air full of dirt and yet you only cared about how the clouds illuminated the light so beautifully. You never saw your reflection on the puddle but you saw purple trees. Beautiful purple trees lined up in places that were ruins few months ago. And you saw grasses and vegetation on the remains of   that died along with so many people two years ago. You wondered if they were still there. The people climbing those stairs wondering about the views they would see on the top. You wondered if they still remember as you do. Every detail, every memory of that day when the earth shook. Your mind took you to places and you remembered a detail version of a dream you saw yesterday. You killed a dragon in your drawer as she burnt you alive but you lived anyway because it was your dream. You are a funny dreamer too. You got home and looked at the mirror. You saw sunburned and thin girl standing in front of you. Big glasses, small face, tired and confused. She did not know where to start. She was not you because you knew what the next step was. You knew that job was not meant to be. From the very minute, you walked into those doors; you could feel that the place was not meant to be yours. It did not feel right. And you knew that. But the girl in the mirror did not. She looked devastated and scared. She was just trying to belong somewhere. She was just trying to be a part of something big. She was trying to find a way because she always felt lost. Among her friends, she was the one who found directions to places. She was the one who never made plans. She was the one who was unsure and perplexed. You knew her well. You knew she would seek someone to talk. You knew she needed friends. So you did just that. You dialed for her and laughed off the problems with her and her friends. You talked about astrology. You talked about submission dates and deadlines. You talked about everything but the conflict inside you where you were fighting for your identity. But you know right? You know everything. You found the way today, remember? You actually walked all those miles and failed and you came back all those miles again. You were not scared. You put forward your ideas. You forgot about the hole in your socks that could be seen so clearly. You never gave up. You did not doubt on your ideas even though they were so different from the views presented there. Because you believed in yourself. On being asked how you could influence people, you were so honest. You told them about your introvert-self that was quite and your intellectual self that could raise damn good scientific questions and find ways to solve them. You told them about how you pour out your souls in poems and stories and letters. And you asked them how a person who tries to write pieces of soul on papers could ever be bad at work even though it was not relevant. You felt stupid for saying that. Honestly, you were but who cares! You were good today. You were not the best and that is okay. And you know that. She doesn’t. She worries and she goes to her silent zones hoisting wars with you. She ridicules you and she doesn’t let you sleep. She makes you study all night. She makes you think about all the bad things that could happen to you. She looks at you in the mirror and only sees a failed person with nerves sticking out of the bones. She cries.  She feels lonely. She wants to talk to somebody who understands that she is not a bad person. She is not horrible. You don’t know how to help her. So you write to her. You write to her about how purple the trees were and how the ruins wore the clothes of spring this season. You tell her how clouds never have identity but they still are sky high. You promise her a donuts. You remind her of tomorrow. You remind her of smells of Jasmine that air adopts every morning. You remind her of you until she forgets herself and sleeps. You will be okay and she will be okay.   will be okay.In my room with the moonlight open Back doors closed and cherry blossoms, Thinking of ways to make it all right, Ruined wheelchairs set up for a flight   In my bed with eyes all open Messy tears and fogged up specs, Finding means to fill up spaces With pink diaries and inkless traces   Pens withdrawn and silenced phones Books sewn to mattress, silent zones, Shutting out the feelings, and muffled cries, Battling moans and hiccup breaths   Asking why the stars aligned, “Strange and scared” Who designed? Picking pieces and the melting phase, Rising up with passing days, Skipping smile to smiling skipped, When did it happen, this confusing maze?   Screwed schedules of coffees at night, Delaying life but still keeping up the fight, Between “I am sorry” and absurd normal, Between “I need my space” and needy journals, Between calling out and shutting out, Am I still me or just a noiseless shout?     via Daily Prompt:Grandma told me a story when I was young.  She said that there was a girl taken away by wolves. The king wolf then turned out to be a young prince and they lived happily ever after…. I imagined myself being that girl and waited for the “Tiiihoooo” sound which grandma said, was made by wolves. The sound never came. The wolf didn’t show up but my oArtwork by :Senpai has a drawer full of chocolates, Desk full of tea cups, And a laptop in front of him, While he writes me letters, Long, beautiful letters. He speaks about his Harry Potter marathons. Luna Lovegood reminds him of me. F.R.I.E.N.D.S marathons, He is Ross to my Phoebe. Senpai, with so much going on, With reports to submit, with proposals to work on, Sits down in an easy chair to answer my tricky questions, He explains bio-informatics in metaphors His luck packages come through exam phone calls. Senpai sings through the youtube links that goes, “tera mujhse hai pehle ka naata koi, Euhi nahi dil lubhata koi!” And then I miss the early mornings In the corridors where we teased him singing, “You are my senpai, my only senpai, You give me dokis & shades of grey!” Miles away senpai sits in an easy chair, To answer my questions that starts with WHY Why me!! Or Why not me!! To reply to the whining letters Where I ask him about the whereabouts Of nice dufuses, the cute dufuses, Who were supposed to show up, Because it was time It was high time for a dufus to come along To spin my world around And then with a few 100 reloads, I get a letter where he explains to me What he calls a theory:   It states that, Souls could exist like Helium Not needing a compliment A single stranded RNA Inside a protein named body, Existing and breathing and being Just there alone Happily expanding And contracting Living. 
 It states that You are a sun Or The Sun, You can burn YOU down From an average star To a Red Giant And then An interstellar cloud How fine does that sound? 
 It states that You don’t need a plus one A plus anyone But in time, Someone will come along And you’ll start to see The ideology Behind not being A sun or the sun Behind not being a helium But till then, You don’t need any dufus.Dear Vi, You’ve wanted that name since forever. You always wanted an alias, a twin who would know just what you feel and who would just know what to do. You’ve been sick. Your voice is all dried up and your throat hurts. But every morning, you wake up to face the mighty sun and work for a project that you thought would work. It isn’t working that well. Maybe you aren’t working that well. Maybe you need a breather. Maybe you need…. you. I do not understand the need of approval you have. Why do you need to be approved? You are not a visa application form. And the fact that you think too much. About your flaws, about your future, about failures and lost opportunities. You spent the whole evening being sick of all those stuffs on your head. You could have just slept because it’s the weekend but you didn’t even do that. You cleaned instead. What kind of person plays with a can of pest killer and Mr. Muscles when they are sick and hungry? How stupid are you? You didn’t even get to drink tea today. Or meet your cousins and grandparents. I think you should be awarded for the stupidest decision maker. Because that’s all you did today. You made stupid decisions. I am very angry at you. For being sick and for being the complicated bitch you are. You push yourself a lot harder than you should sometimes. And there are days you don’t even care. Why do you have to be the queen of extremes? Why can’t you just celebrate your victories before you kick yourself a thousand times for your failures? Why can’t you just stop for a while? Why are you scared all the time? And I am sorry for being harsh. I need you to know that as pathetic as it might seem, you should still write to yourself. You are all you’ve got. You don’t need anybody’s stamp of approval but yours. You need to be healthy first. You need to not go out on the dust for a day. You need to stay home and read. Leave all your worries for a day or two. Things will work out. I promise they will. I am sorry for everything I’ve put you through. I promise to take care of you. Let’s start with a cup of tea! Truly yours, Your future self.I count books as blessings in the   of my bad days to realize that good stories are made up of tears and hardships. Sometimes, I take them in fractions: one failure at a time. Most of the times, I prefer drowning in them, until I forget the way up. So I count the books again. I smell the pages of ink and soul where the writer poured out her dementors and made them go away with chocolates. I talk with people who know how my breathing breaks while crying. I count them as blessings too in the portions of my bad days to realize that I am understood even when I am not understandable.   viaI was barely a whisper today, in a world full of noise My hiccups were more audible than my voice.   I was barely a whisper today, or was I always one? The mirror image who stares at me is she mimicking someone?   I was barely a whisper today, and yet I felt so loud Absurd dreams of reality bundled with grayish cloud.   I was barely a whisper today, tomorrow will be the same Words refuse to speak out I hope, Writing them down isn’t lame.